**Diabetes Heatmap Dashboard**

This dashboard creates a visualization of Blood-Glucose levels and BloodPressure levels of some diabetes patients in a hospital in the US From the 1st of January 2023 to the 30th of January 2023  . It establishes a visual representation of the relationship between both conditions, i.e High blood-glucose and High Blood-Pressure. It is well known that cadiovascular ailments like High Blood-Pressure are the major cause of mortality in people with Diabetes. Also, there is an assumption that there is a positive corellation between High Blood-glucose and High or Low Blood Pressure. A lot of studies cite insulin use as a major cause High Blood-Pressure mainly few months into treatment of Diabetes. Nevertheless, Blood-Pressure levels start lowering significantly months into insulin use. This can also present great danger low BP. Another study by Sylvi Persson "Bload Pressure reactions to insulin treatment in patients with type 2 diabetes", PubMed Central, 2007 suggests that Blood-Pressure also affects how the body tissues absorb Glucose because it alters how the skeletal muscles utilize insulin to absorb Glucose. These trends have been grossly overlooked in treatment of patients with Diabetes or High BloodPressure leading to numerous mortality. As result, this Dashboard aims to provide the Medical Practisioner conspicious view of the Patient's Blood-sugar and Blood-Pressure diastolic readings at all times, even without the Medical practisioner's request. The visualization in this Dashboard uses csv data generated from https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/diabetes-dataset and converted to json and then to FHIR bundles which is streamable on test_fhir.py. flask, d3.js, html and css were used to create a relateable, conspicuous heatmap, with bars that exhibit different colors and color-intensity with regards to Glucose/Blood-Pressure and their diffrent levels respectively. The heatmap bars are also clicked to get more information about a Patient, just like a search in the searchbox.
